feat: local native logger and better OOBE (#761)
quoid/userscripts: src/app/_locales/en/quick-start-guide-mac.md

### Welcome to this project, you will need two main steps to make the extension work:

> - **Open the App and set a directory**
> 
>   - This directory is used to saving and loading your userscripts.
>   - A default local directory is already set when you first launch the App.
>   - Click the current directory to jump to the default directory or the one you set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Open the app and set a directory**

  - When you first launch the app, a local directory will be set by default.
  - If needed, you can select a new directory to suit your preferences.
  - This directory is used for saving and loading your user scripts.
  - Click the current directory to jump to the default directory or the one you set.
```

- **Enable the extension in Safari**

  - Enable Userscripts in Safari extensions list

>   - For optimal experience it's recommended that you "Always Allow" Userscripts for "All Websites", but you could also allow only the sites you want, but please don't forget your settings when your script doesn't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For an optimal experience it's recommended that you "Always Allow" Userscripts for "All Websites", but you could also allow only the sites you want, but please don't forget your settings if your script doesn't work.
```
